PASTE YOUR OWN CRYPTO POSTS HERE.asians are insanely good at taking good technology and just refining the hell out of it.

i used an asian ai video platform today and was genuinely surprised. i could generate a 5-minute video from a single prompt.

the crazy part is how simple they’re making this.

it’s a new day, y’all don’t know how important this commonsmade thing made me look 😭

it kinda proves i’m doing something right out here, and that i have mutuals who actually fw what i’m doing, not just because i do giveaways.

seeing accounts i’ve never even interacted with give me vouches with nothing in return, and frens i didn’t expect actually giving me their vouch while expecting nothing in return, means a lot tbh.

even if this experiment turns out to not be worth it, i still won’t forget this fr.

WELPPPPP this was not a cook

I bought an extra $100 in tokens so i could distribute SOMETHING to vouchers

tagging the 2 winners below (picked at random) who will recieve 10k tokens each 

Enjoy lunch on me

Giving away 30% of any airdrop earnings I make to a few of my vouchers at random

Only 13 vouched so far, your odds are actually not bad

Don't have a shot at making the top 1000? 

Gamble your vouch with me

Brutal truth: 

99% of the "best" meme traders don't have a skill or ability that you can easily learn/replicate

What they ACTUALLY have:

> Cabals of whale friends who ape tokens together to create fomo
> $500k in free capital to gamble on shitters (they made it rugging memes in 2020)
> That one friend who works for a CEX and can 'hint' when a token listing is coming
> Better connections than you
> Better access to information

Goodluck getting all that overnight

Downloading the fomo app to copy trade public wallets doesn't make you an expert trader.
Quote
2,142
wale.moca 🐳
@waleswoosh
·
Aug 13
The timeline is shifting from people wanting to become creators to people wanting to become traders.

Nothing wrong with that, but wait until you find out that the odds of making it there are even lower than the odds of building an audience (and those are 

AT FIVE AM I woke to the sound of an explosion 5 meters from my room at an airbnb

I look outside the window and see nothing but smoke billowing

my immediate reaction was that some freak accident happened, and I made my girlfriend get away from the window

She started shaking because a second equally loud sound followed immediately after shaking the house and she was scared

I also heard the little girls in another family staying in this airbnb screaming

Keep in mind, I’ve been in the Army before so I’m very familiar with loud noises (C4, artillery, mortars, you name it)

I assure you this was abnormally loud 

Anyways… turns out it was the owner of the airbnb next door celebrating their 40th Birthday. They fired a crudely built cannon stuffed to brim with fireworks (basically a homemade bomb)

Apparently a traditional prank in Italy

At 5:44 am… 5 meters from our window 

I have friends with PTSD

What the actual fuck guys

Participate in creator campaigns(prediction market, perp dexes), and get rewarded

Get started with 
@Stitch3_ai
 :

- Firstly, check if your account is eligible here: https://stitch3.ai/register?ref=ZGVnZW5icm9fXw
- If eligible proceed to Register
- Connect wallet
- Verify your account

How it works:

There are campaigns for different influnce levels

There are campaigns for top 1000 influnce rank, 
There are also campaigns for top 2000 influence rank

you can see the campaigns youre eligible for under "campaign"

[Do asap!!] 

Top 1k will get rewarded. 

Pls go and vouch for your friends or get someone with high score to vouch for you

- Visit: https://commonsmade.com/vouch
- Connect x
- Then start vouching anyone you want like:

hey @(coms username), vouch @ xyz

You get to vouch 5 times, pls use wisely ❤️


The more examples you eventually add, the better the writing engine can understand your natural rhythm, sentence length, vocabulary, hooks, transitions and way of explaining crypto.

Add posts that are genuinely written by you.

Do not add passwords, API keys or private information.